so there are many different leadership styles. You could be you direct,
you could be friendly. You could be sweet. You could be stern. I think
if you wanted to. And all of those can have success. No doubt,
especially it depends on the person. But for me, if whenever I wanted
toe really build a connection with people you have thio get outside
off the work environment and I mean, I mean it like this. You have
to know about the people outside of the job that they're doing. It
could be learning about their family. It could be knowing about their
kids. It doesn't have to be super friendly. It doesn't say, Hey, you
know what? Let's go drinking on a Saturday afternoon. But it should
be saying, Hey, you know what? I care about you more than just my
subordinate justice worker that I that I have, um, I care about your
life to, um not just like your safety, but also your well being. Um,
S o tell me about it and get to know me, get to know you and yeah,
that's the best way to build trust